[Music]
if you can jump out our aircraft and
land safely on the drop zone you could
pretty much do anything your military
career it's the third and final phase of
airborne school jump week and these
students are ready to put their training
into action and exit aircraft they're
excited from the day they get here until
they finally get up and jump I mean it
is the graduation culmination part of
the course you know it's what they came
here for come on jump one there's a lot
of apprehension with a student you know
try to go through the harness shed and
walk through and say you know how's it
going you know get a feel for
everybody's at you know some people are
excited fired up and ready to go and
some people are kind of questioning for
what they signed up for so it's always a
good time first thing Monday morning
during jump week the students will dawn
their parachutes get JMP ID and load
onto the birds they'll fly 1,250 feet
over fryer drop zone and then it's go
time
everybody's excited they're ready to go
and those doors open up the eyes get big
you know you've been really really big
and now and now it's time to go they now
they now know it is time to jump out
first jump is really intense you don't
really know what to expect you don't
know what's going on and got all these
things running through your head but
bottom line or whatever they call 30
seconds is whenever my drilling really
starts pumping that last call before you
start going before the guy gets to slap
decides to head out and then once you
start shuffling forward just make eye
contact with that guy and he's usually
sitting there smiling back at you
because he knows what you're going
through so it's really intense yeah
great
the students will conduct five jumps
this week to hollywood-style without
their gear one of those with the new T
11 parachute and three combat jumps with
all their equipment the last beam at
night
[Music]
you know as always the fear of the
unknown the first night jump so they're
a little bit anxious I guess you could
say but all of them are confident in
their training it's really the way what
we intend to if we're gonna do airborne
operations gain some surprise against
the enemy by inserting a knife Airborne
training instills the Boyar ethos in
students which builds their confidence
and shows them that they can accomplish
anything the fear of jumping out of a
plane is much like being in a gunfight
or a fire fight for the first time you
are looking fear in the eye and you're
dealing with it and you're dealing with
it in such a way you're taking control
your fears taking control the situations
and you're mastering it and it will help
them considerably when they go to combat
it helped me
the final 7th parachute infantry
regiment not only builds better warriors
but it also provides the United States
military with a more capable fighting
force it all boils down to capability do
we do it every day and in hostile
territory no but it is a deterrent a
brigade combat team being able to
deliver 800 to a thousand paratroopers
in somebody's backyard and a moment's
notice that is a turn once the night
jump is complete the students will have
earned their wings and it's on to
graduation it's good I mean I have a lot
of buddies that have done it and it's
good to finally join the ranks of being
airborne qualified I'm excited about it
it's gonna be a good day today it's good
start today the students have
successfully completed the three-week
airborne course here at Fort Benning
have earned their wings and are now
America's newest class of proud
paratroopers